# JOB FIT 4 ME
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/no9nU1RgPAA>
#### Description:
Allow you to compare and analyze your resume and a job offer in order to improve chances to pass through an ATS system.
My decision for this project was to code first in python a function that will be able to analize some text entered product of a job offer description. This text should be filtered with Natural Language Toolkit library **NLTK**. This, in my opinion has very good methods and results when tagging selecting and organizing the text.
First I decided to code a file with pure python language and allow to pass in 2 functions to filter a list of words and second a list of sentences, those to be as part of a suggestion of the text selection.
The first function allowed to filter words by removing stopwords, some puntuation signs and also to ensure to remove brackets in the even one or more could be passed in and avoid any sublist in the text.
  Then after categorizing the lemmas, found out necessary to untag the words as well as to check the frequency, in **nltk** __fdist__ is capable of filtering and categorizing, from most recurrent words to less reccurrent one, a second function inside allowed to categorize and remove tags from words previously set, it just requires a list of words in order to do so. I was planning to use this result to slice a list showing the 25, 10 and 5 top words to later on give the option to the user to filter the list he could prefer. The second function remained unimplemented.

  After some testing and ensuring the file was complete, decided to work on the deployment of the app. I was considering also to implement _Watchdog_ library in the first file in case a will need to take an action when a file will be entered.

  For deployment, I was watching some videos, wanted to try something slightly different than Flask or Django since I didn't want to have a very complex app. After checking some examples and documentation decided to use *_Streamlit_* as the fast result, operability, ~~simplicity~~ and similarity with python promised to be a good fit for the end result I was looking for.

  Throughout the process, unfortunately, noticed there are certain limitations with Streamlit and some functionality is yet to be implemented  or not compatible, it is still under development and will continue to be a good tool in the near future for future projects. However this lead me to reorganize and modify the code in the first file. First because the platform generate new object everytime a variable is called. This limited some results I was looking for, also because python provides certain elasticity with the code that is not shared with other languages. Initially wanted to have small page which was going to show next step everytime the data required was passed in, then I had to reorganize it all into a form. Also had to remove the chart Iwanted to display, since it required another data type I was able to provide to show a pecentage in a compatibility comparison. Then I had to remove the option to select the value of words to be displayed. In the end remained more simple than I wanted to, but I didn't want to give up on the platform nor start from scratch with Flask
  Also I wanted to have a reset button to allow the page and code to be rerun with no cache information, the information has to be cached in functions. Everytime you call a new button all the code is rerun so I decided not to implement it yet or to implement the second functionailty.
  In the end I was able to display the information I was looking for, but I had to remove some effects and prettiness I wanted for the app, hopefully as it continues to evolve will allow more methods and functionalities to be added.
